I' I've dropped everything. I'm here for
2 months just to learn what do I do.
>> First of all, if nothing else in in SF,
there's endless meetups, hackathons,
like just ingratiate yourself in it so
that the stress that Aaron's feeling,
that Yammon is feeling, that you're
feeling that you're just acclimated to.
It's a new normal. I know it sounds
silly, but it's not like adjust to the
stress, right? Adjust to the pace.
Adjust to the 2x pace.
even me like it's not the same but even
I'm working
in terms of output I'm working twice as
hard me as a year ago and then and again
this is only sort of helpful right I'm
just trying to be a therapist meet all
these people hang out with more folks
that are stressed out right but even if
you don't really care about the content
socialize with the people that are
stressed out right and then figure out a
way to work twice as hard ship features
twice as hard make the product twice as
good everybody get excited we just
hosted 10,000 of you at the Saster
annual and AI summit in the SFB. It was
insane. It was off the charts compared
to last year. It was a deep dive on
everything new, everything AI,
everything go to market. And we're
getting ready cuz Saster AI is coming to
London in December. It's Christmas with
Saster on December 2nd and 3rd. We're
bringing Saster AI to the heart of
Europe. This is your chance to connect
with thousands of SAS and AI executives,
founders, and investors, all sharing the
secrets to scaling in the age of AI. If
you're a founder, a VC, a revenue
leader, Saster AI in London is where the
future of B2B meets the power of AI. And
we just announced tickets and
sponsorships. So don't wait.
Sasterlondon.com
to grab your tickets. sai in London,
where B2B meets AI and the next wave of
innovation begins. See you there.
[Music]
Thanks everybody for being here. We just
have a tradition. This was a pretty good
Everyone have a pretty good day three.
Yeah. So, we don't have to do it, but
usually we've had a a a slightly quieter
day three this year, which was probably
our best. So, I sort of did a tradition
of trying to answer any questions we
didn't get to over these days. But, I
will say in closing, like I I I'm really
happy this year. I will tell you it took
me a while to reflect, but uh how many
folks were here last year? Yeah. I mean,
last year you probably thought it was
good. I actually thought it was the
worst aster. It had nothing to do The
production values were great. It looked
good. It was well done. But in a million
green, the vibe sucked. The vibe sucked.
And it sucked because
people thought we were in a downturn.
They thought AI sucked. Wo. There was a
lot of woe is me. And I'd walk out and
meet founders last year. And or
executives and half would be like, man,
everything's terrible. I can't close
anything. And it it really weighed on me
the last 11.92
months. And man, the whole three days
it's been great. I I haven't had a
single convers Debbie Downer
conversation the whole time it is.
Right. And if you were here with Aaron
Levy, he's like I'm stressed but
excited. That's how you should be. But
yeah, it's hard but you should be
excited. So for what it's worth, I want
to take question but I'm reinvigorated
with AI. I'm excited. You can see it in
what I've done. And even just the tenure
here, there's like the energy is so much
more fun than last year. Last year I
kind of had to put the smile on my face
after. I'm like we did it. It was great.
But man, it's like uh there's a Debbie
Downer vibe in B2B and it's behind us.
So, like I'm super excited. Not a single
person I met here said, "Oh, we're in a
downturn. Life is terrible." I didn't
and thank God. I think they all stayed
home this year and uh I think they
should either go get excited about AI
and join something new or just just stay
home. I I don't know which one, but
thank you everyone. It's it's been a
delight for me and a million team this
year. Really really great and total 180
from last year. So, thank you
So I have two thank yous and uh one
question. First of all, thank you for uh
doing SAS in May. Uh this time around it
was my birthday yesterday. So this is
like a birthday gift.
>> Yeah.
>> Second thank you is 3 years ago roughly
it was in September. My co-founder
Abdullah asked you if uh I remember
>> YC is worth doing. We took your advice.
We did it. It was the best thing that
you know happened to our company. So
>> good. And I think as the demo uh the AI
demo's just shown, YC is still very much
worth doing 2025. Now,
>> well, you guys are perfect. You guys
were for what it's I mean asked your
question, but I'll answer the different
question why I told you to do that. I
mean, I do believe in YC, right? But you
guys were the perfect. You guys had a
ton of energy, a ton of drive. You knew
a niche market, but you were outsiders.
Nobody knew you, right? And so I I'm not
saying everyone should do it, but anyone
like that that goes through IC, it is a
gift, right? you'll be validated. It's
it doesn't it doesn't get everybody
customers. It's not going to get you if
you're in solar. It's not going to m But
to take someone that didn't go to MIT or
Stanford and didn't wasn't the top
engineer at Stripe and didn't like work
in the it it really can be magical,
right? And and probably more so today,
right? But that was that's why I said it
to you because I'm like you guys have
the raw ingredients of success, but like
let this is this will just lever you up.
Awesome. And so the question is, as you
know, we're vertical SAS, very much like
a traditional layer cake, just now
starting to think about AI
in the best possible universe, just
because like these are our laws of
physics, small market, we're going to be
triple double doubling, like in the best
possible universe. We're never going to
have a a wind surf or cursor style J
curve. So here's the question.
>> Listen to your chat with Rory and then
Harry a couple weeks ago. So So here's
the question. Is that still kind of a an
attractive asset class, right, for maybe
1.0 2.0 investors like yourself who
understand what you know just how how
rare even triple triple double doubling
is and how do we just conceptualize this
uh as a as a vertical SAS company first
AI second in today's data.
>> Well, let me it's a good question. I
think Rory and I both have we did
address it. I' I've talked about it a
couple times and but let me it's so
important. Let me let me let me restate
it right which is look you're right
until
18 months ago for folks that have been
in B2B since Aaron and I started the
gold standard was triple triple double
right it was triple double double
however long it took you to get to a
million one week 10 years no one cared
it took UiPath 10 years to get to a
million right there plenty of took
Squarespace like 5 years to get to a
million in revenue they all did well
within limits no one cared but when you
got to a million they wanted to at least
see you triple double double double 1 to
3 to 9 to 18 to 36. That was the path.
And then what I actually learned from
Rory on the podcast, the second time I
met him was at an upfront summit in LA
in 2013 with Mark Sister and he's like,
"Now the new bar is 1 to 10 and five
quarters or less, the best ones." And so
I started thinking that was that was the
prime version of triple double. I didn't
know until Rory explained it, right?
Because I didn't know didn't know
anything. But if you do the quick math,
it got you to a hundred million in an
IPO. triple triple double got you to 100
million before your grandchildren were
running your company. Okay. When Rory
invested in Box with Aaron, when Rory
invested in HubSpot, those are pretty
good ones. Shopify, these guys all IPOed
around 100 million in revenue, growing
really fast, often 50, 60, 80% at like
800 million valuations. That was how it
worked. So, you're like, okay, I got to
get to 100 million. And people would IPO
in 78 years back in the day. Now they're
gonna IPO like E Toro just IPOed today.
I think they're like 16 years old or 18
years old. But you don't but they're not
at 100 million. Now they're all at 500
million. Okay, that was last year. All
the IPOs that we've had in B2B recently,
Clavio one stream rubric that was here
on they're all 500 million growing 50%.
So then stop your math. Okay, now I got
to go even further and faster.
Then the new math became 500 to50, not
like 50 or 60 to 100. Then AI changed it
all. Then everyone's like, "Holy crap."
Some of these startups for whatever
reason are growing at insane rates. And
then what I started to see about a year
and a half ago was a lot of the B2B
investors I knew old school, the bar had
just gone up, right? And like I had like
my catch up with Byron deer who's OG you
know was first in one of the first
investors service titan so many great
ones and I I met him about a year and a
half ago
was like yeah honestly we're only doing
AI investing because the bar is so high
he's like I I'm that's it right and then
then they went on to invest in anthropic
and others and that's what they're
looking for and so when someone like
Byron that is as OG as a you know been a
SAS co himself done Fox done so many
early ones is now looking all in on
this.
That's where like 80% of the B2B
investors are. Okay. Now, if you listen
to to Rory and I both said we still like
triple double doubles. Okay. So, what is
the the long- winded or or longer less
TLDDR version? If you're triple triple
double double as hard as that is as hard
as that is maybe only 20 to 30% of the
investors that would have been
interested 18 months to today 20% 20 to
30%. So you can say woe is me or you can
do what you have to do in sales. Talk to
more prospects. Talk to everybody.
That's just the reality, right? But the
only thing I would add at the end with
the dagger and you probably saw it with
Jack from Cleo and Tidemark if you were
there. Overall, there's a little more in
vertical SAS today than in other
categories. So you'll get more meetings
and it's viewed as more durable. Most
vertical SAS companies had no downturn
so-called downturn in you know I I did I
was with the CR of owner this morning
they had no downturn in restaurant SAS
right so there is for there's a lot of
reasons people are more interested in
vertical SAS but generally the investors
are taking more risk for more growth and
they're crazy I know it sounds crazy but
if you listen to one I did with Rory and
Harry a lot of investors when Box and
HubSpot and Shopify IPO, they're looking
for billion-dollar outcomes. Okay? Then
if you came to SAS 2016, 2017, everyone
was talking about decacorns, $10 billion
outcomes, right? If you listen to that
20DC we did, VCs are now looking for
trillion dollar outcomes.
People have decided that every couple
years there'll be another open AI. Not
every week there'll be a trillion dollar
company. Like these companies are
smaller. Facebook wasn't trillion.
Google wasn't trillion. Tesla wasn't
trillion. SpaceX isn't trillion. Now
that there's multiple trillion dollar
companies, it's no longer viewed as
anomaly. It's viewed as a factory like
we will create and folks believe that AI
will create more of them. Right? So if
you're a VC and you have a lot of money
and you want to get rich,
do you want a two billion a little $2
billion exit? Right? Data bricks just
bought this some Postgress company for a
billion, right?
Does that really make a difference for
your $2 billion fund if you own 10%. 10%
I made 100 million. Hooray. So a lot. If
your fund is 10 million, if your fund is
5 billion, then a hundred million you
made off that is 2%, right? 2%. Right?
Doesn't even go above the line.
So this trillion dollar outcome, guys,
it's nutso. And you can laugh at it and
you don't have to take it too seriously,
but realize smart people aren't
laughing. Like they're really the the
Peter Teals and Mark Andre's are like
how can we find the next trillion dollar
company trillion dollar company right
and it probably won't be you but maybe
it is like I'm not saying it won't be
right
>> no more questions this year just uh
thank you again you're very much the
Rory of my generation and uh # Crimeir
river
>> thanks for being back congrats
me river yeah
>> how you doing Jason uh so we are a
three-year vertical SAS company focus
Energy when we started the company the
first two years it was a saster playbook
and we literally followed it religiously
and it worked for those first 24 months
>> at least you got 24 months there and so
in the last 12 months it started
breaking down right and I think you'd be
the first to kind of admit from your
comments today and and during the week
that a lot of the kind of traditional
playbook is shifting in this kind of
world of vertical AI agentic
>> I do think keep going not to but just be
I do I want to be clear what I'm saying
because sometimes it's it's I actually
think the tradition playbook act
notwithstanding what Kyle and I talked
about this morning. If you have intense
product market fit, it works fine.
>> It works fine. Open AAI is doing field
events. Open AAI is doing webinars. Open
AAI has as swag. Open I mean look but
open AI has so much product market fit,
right? The playbook works but when you
are falling out of product market fit,
it decays rapidly today.
>> Yeah. Well, it was more you have these
canonical pieces of content, right? when
to hire the VP of sales and so on,
>> you know, which you know, the context of
what you just said, do these need
updating? You know, are these kind of
core cononical pieces of, you know,
content about how to build your company,
how to get to that first one, you know,
0ero to one, one to 10, etc. Do they
shift in this kind of new like area of,
you know,
>> I don't think it shifts. I mean, in all
serious, if you read Saster carefully,
you'll actually see I am updating a lot
of the canonical pieces. I a couple
times a week, I'll take some of the
really good ones and I rewrite them and
update them. So, I'm I'm cognizant of
it, don't get me wrong. But if you watch
what I said, I think 30 to 40% of inside
sales will become AI. I think we won't
need mediocre customer success. I think
marketing is changing. I think it's all
happening, right? But the motions are
still there. So, even though Kyle and I
had a little bit of a debate, I don't
challenge people debate on whether a
will manage AIS and humans together. I
actually think he agrees when he thinks
about it. Yes. But it's still the
motion, right?
It's still discovery, demo, solutions
solving. You know, even Swedar from
Snowflake said it's the same thing. It's
just the the speed and the quality are
changing, right? And so, we all need to
know how the systems, the
instrumentation, the quality changes.
But even if 40% of sales is done by AI,
it's we're still having sales. I have no
problem if it all if if million-doll
snowflake deals can be done by AI, I
think it's cool. But I don't think
anyone's saying that, right? So I just
think the um it's more you just have to
run these playbooks with AI with
intensity with curiosity and everything
is faster. That's the maybe the part
that is the most dated of that playbook
isn't really dated but it feels dated
which is we just have to move so much
faster, right? We just can't get back to
a a company in a week and have pretend
we have three three competitors. We just
can't. And I honestly think if you work
twice as hard and four times smarter
than last year, it all works. But most
people are not working twice as hard as
four times. Actually, the horrible truth
is most people are working less hard
than last year because they're bummed
because it's not working. Because
there's a downward death spook works,
you invest less in it. You don't take it
seriously and you just have a I see this
downward spiral. Oh, sales isn't working
as well. So, I don't try as hard, right?
I just want quota relief. I just want to
sell less. Right? And then it becomes a
self-perpetuating prophecy, right?
I'm still learning. I'm back in student
mode. I'm updating everything. I I think
sales, marketing, onboarding, support,
success are they're not going away. I
hope more and more of it is AI. And I
think it's under radical change, but the
underlying motions will be the same.
We're still we still need to find apps.
There's still too many apps. AI just
makes there even more apps. We're still
looking for brands. I mean the one of
the top questions I got at this
conference is which AI tool should I use
for sales? Okay, all over Twitter, all
over everyone get you got Kyle's answer,
you got my answer. Why are people asking
that? Because there's no dominant brand,
right? We need brand 80% of folks buy
with brands, right? And so brand still
works. And so the irony of this all of
this is as much as sales and marketing
changes, probably the one thing that
won't change is brand marketing. meeting
folks in person that you've only met in
the internet. If you listen to folks
that are frustrated with go to market on
the internet, they're like, "We've got
to do events and field because nothing
else works, right?" There's a bit of a
negative. I think that's overstating it.
But my point is brand and multi-touch
and reinforcement is going to work in
this is this dig digital age, too. But
um it's got to be faster. It's got to be
better.
Like if Yeah.
Hey, so on the new playbook that you're
talking about
>> evolves um
>> the faster AI infused old playbook.
Yeah. Keep going. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So what do you recommend your top
three recommendations to go faster?
>> Look, I next year I'll have concrete
answers. I'm still learning, right? AI
cannot make someone buy a product they
don't want to buy. AI cannot build a
brand. But all I would do today if I if
I were tiny, I would just want to make
sure that everyone that touches my
product at scale has an amazing
experience. Okay? Again, if we go back
to the Saster AI 150,000 chats, if you
came to s.com or sastasterial.com 60
days ago, you'd have no experience. All
you could do is like read our content or
buy a ticket, okay? On the two websites.
Today, we've had 150,000 people have had
most of them have had a great experience
with us, right? So make sure whatever
they are, however they touch you, use
whatever AI and other tools you can so
that everyone instantly has an elegant
experience. They instantly get the
information they need. They instantly
get the data. They instantly talk to a
synthetic human and then a human. that
going that that instantly that you don't
just have a meeting that everyone's
followed up with perfectly and properly
multiple times afterwards and their
needs are served and all the onboarding
is perfect and the handful of customers
you do get you don't forget about and
they're they're perfectly onboarded and
that the remarketing and the retargeting
is perfect. Use all these tools and
there's great AI sales tools here. Can
an AI SDR bring you trillions of dollars
of business? No. But can an AI SDR help
you build a prospect list, target it and
write better emails that then you have
to manage? Yes. So use all the
instrumentation and tools, know its
limits and make sure everyone is treated
like a real time king and queen. Real
time king and queen is my old Saster
Post is customers tiny, small, medium
and large should be treated as kings and
queens. My evolution today is real time
kings and queens. Use AI so that they're
instantly feel like kings and queens.
That always works. Thank you.
>> So thank you.
Yeah.
>> Hey Jason, beneath here.
>> It's my first time at Sastra. Loving it.
>> Thank you for coming.
>> And I am so petrified of what AI is
doing and how I'm not ready for it.
>> Are you more petrified after this?
>> No, I'm just as petrified.
>> The same petrification. The same
petrification as when you got here.
Okay.
>> But I I've dropped everything. I'm here
for two months just to learn. What do I
do?
>> Listen, it's good. First of all, if
nothing else in in SF, there's endless
meetups, hackathons, leftathons,
MCPathons,
like just ingratiate yourself in it so
that you the stress that Aeron's
feeling, that Yamin is feeling, that
you're feeling that you're just
acclimated to it's a new normal. So just
l I mean I know it sounds silly, but
it's not like adjust to the stress,
right? Adjust. It is the new normal.
Adjust to the pace. Adjust to the 2x
pace.
Even me, like it's not the same, but
even I'm working
in terms of output. And Amelia, too,
we're working twice as hard as 12 months
ago, right? And I don't I have my own
stresses, but listen, your life's more
stressful than mine. I'm working twice
as hard me as a year ago. Adjust to it.
Adjust it or quit, right? And I know
you're not going to quit because you're
here, but adjust or quit. That's the
best advice I can, right? And then, and
again, this is only sort of helpful,
right? I'm just trying to be a
therapist. Meet all these people. hang
out with more folks that are stressed
out, right? Go if you want an SF, if
you're ever doing this, you literally
can go to a hackathon or an AI meetup
every [__] night, right? There's just
there's too many, right? But even if you
don't really care about the content,
socialize with the people that are
stressed out, right? And not not so much
that you want to jump off the roof
and then figure out a way to work twice
as hard.
>> Just to clarify, maybe the stress, you
know, it's not therapeutic question. I'm
asking from a playbook perspective as
well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, figure out how to work
twice as hard.
all of it. Ship features twice as hard,
make the product twice as good, work
seven days a week. I mean, listen, it's
brutal. I don't
This was toxic to talk about 12 months
ago. Now it's okay. Like when Kyle from
owner was here and, you know, they're
coming up on 50 million, growing 10% a
month, just raised a billion. That
company works, they work seven days a
week in the office. Now, they've made
some exceptions as they've grown.
They're partly remote. Folks have more
families, so it's okay to work six and a
half days a week in the office.
Adam's going to get a little mad. I
mean, they're more flexible, but not
really. And this this is of all the
companies I've invested in, and I have
some really good ones. I think owner is
the most has the highest rate of the
highest rate of software output, the
highest rate of development, and the
team is great, and the engineering team
is as good as Kyle, okay, on the revenue
side. But they don't work 40 hours a
week, man. They work. Especially Adam,
the CEO. I've literally every CEO works
hard, right? Come on. Everyone. But I've
Adam 11:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. on Sunday.
Whatever.
It's in Berling game. It's in SF. It's
in Florida. The customer is in in
Orange. I like I saw him the other
Orange County is meeting with the
restaurant down the street when I was in
Orange. just it's a lot, man. I don't
know if this is answering your question,
but you got to work twice as hard for
maybe 50% more hours. And then my last
point, and again, I know it might not
helpful, but if you listen to some of
the things folks have said, and it may
not help you, but if you have a team,
just make sure everyone is using tools
every day. It is good advice.
I mean even even Amelia who runs SARS
with me now we use so much AI ac like
this logo right I mean we have our
designer here who's one of the best I've
ever worked with but this was done by AI
almost all the drafts of this were done
by AI our videos are done in this app
called Higsfield right um the scripts AI
does our podcast now and so now we do a
lot more podcasts and they're a lot
better right there's so AI writes like
this session that we just did here these
will all get written up really well by
our AI and they'll be much better than a
human so Make sure everyone on your team
is spending hours a day again, not just
a recipe in Claude. And I don't know if
that's helpful, but it's the best I
could do for today. But thank you.
>> Yeah.
>> You said yesterday that that there all
these hundred billion revenue companies
that have suddenly hit a wall. They're
going
>> and AI is maming them.
>> Yep.
>> So can you dimension that maming a
little more? Is it
>> more competitors moving faster? Yes. Is
it internal build?
>> Yes.
>> Versus build versus buy or is it the
internal development process speeding
up?
>> Why are they all slow down?
>> Yeah. What's what's driving this
contact? What's the third?
>> It's probably compounding effects. First
of all,
one of the big there's probably there's
probably two issues. The first two have
there's probably a bunch, but the first
two have nothing to do with AI.
One is too many didn't go multiroduct.
If you listen to Tae, I don't know if
you're with TOE for Calendarly, he's not
telling you what's coming this year, but
when you heard him say multiroduct,
they're well over 200 million. I don't
know where they are. I don't know if
they're past 300, but they're well over
200 million. Multi-product is the game.
Okay. Too many folks got to 100 million
with one product. Too many I call Too
many folks got to 100 million pretending
they had a second product, but it was
really an extension of the feature,
right?
Uh there are some folks like Parker
Conrad that disagree with me. But
although we'll do something with him on
it soon, I don't actually think we
disagree. But I think if your second
product is smaller than your first,
you're not multi-product because it
doesn't get you anywhere. If you get to
100 million and it takes you two years
to launch a product that can only do 50
million, it doesn't get you anywhere,
right? It's got to be bigger. So too
many folks didn't go multi-product,
pretended it was multi-product, it was
just a second feature, it wasn't a whole
new product, right? So that's root cause
number one of the slowdown at 100
million. root cause number two. And so
the lesson learned and it was funny. I
was re-watching the chief product
officer of Samsara, which is one of the
most top 10 most he said last year at
Saster, you got to go multi-product by
10 million in revenue. You got to go
multi-product by 10 million. And I think
it's it's the right way to think about
it. Okay. Second reason they're
decelerating,
which is which is um they just couldn't
recover from how easy it was in 2021.
They couldn't recover culturally. They
couldn't recover the fact that in 2021
anyone would buy their product and they
couldn't recover that because of that
their product is the same as 2021. And
so in 2021 they grew 70%. And then in
2022 they grew 40%. And then in 2023 oh
[__] it's 20 it's 20%. And then they hit
this year and that what did it
decelerate to? So many folks went
whatever that when some version 70 40
and then then 40 the investors are like
a we're nervous but 40 is still pretty
good at 100 right? And then you see the
20s and you're like, "Well, as long as
Jason turns it around 20%." And then you
fall into the teens and everyone gives
up. And then where do you go from the
teens? You end up like just ripping off
your customers cuz there's And then what
happens after the teens is you start
getting investor update and it's no new
customers. The customer count is the
same, but they raise prices again. They
raise prices again, right? So living in
2021 killed people. Not going
multi-product killed people. That alone
led to this and then the AI competitors
so fierce because not only is all the
discretionary budget going into AI which
you heard from everybody that's bad
enough that the that CIOS especially
want to put money they CIOS want to do
two things we ran out of time in my
opener they want fewer vendors and even
trope said that's happened we want to
consolidate vendors but we're putting
more money into AI so you're either
benefiting or getting screwed by that
either you're getting consolidated out
of existence or you're benefit
benefiting from the AI. So too many
folks were getting are getting
consolidated away, right? That's the
third trend.
And then the fourth one to answer your
question longly and then this is it is
look even if none of that is an issue if
AI just creates if you just got five new
competitors here and they each have 1%
market share and you lose 5% market
share that even 5% is really stressful.
It's really stressful, right? So that's
the n all these things can like nickel
and dime you and make your growth go
from okay to not okay right the line
between o okay it varies at your stage
but after 100 if you're growing less
than 30% it's big yellow light right and
if after 100 million you're growing less
than 20% you fell out of product market
fit 100 million you have so many
thousands of customers they should be
telling their friends and they should be
leaving and going to new companies and
bring you in and all the stuff you've
seen it's almost impossible to grow less
than 20% at scale if the engine's
working. So your engine is not working.
That's a red effing flag, right? So I
don't know if that helps, but those are
all the the causes. It's a lot helps a
lot. One falling, are you seeing much of
sort of, yay, let's go all AI and then
we've wandered into a minefield, product
development goes to hell,
>> just adopting AI itself begins to kill
your
>> Not really. Not really. I'll answer it
usually only two questions, but it's a
really interesting question. Have I seen
teams that went all in on AI and then
everything fell apart because it was too
hard and too complicated, right? Um the
short answer is no. The slightly longer
answer is of course I have. Of course,
I've seen it all the time. Teams
fighting with each other, resource
contention. Even more, what I've seen is
teams that actually build a great 1.0
AI, right? They're like, "Oh my god,
it's so awesome. It's autonomous. It
does all this." the next week their
competitor launches an AI that's the
same. The team's exhausted and then you
find out you got to work even harder
because your competitor just launched it
last week. This I've seen again and
again and the team's getting tired and
the demands are going up and then the
mediocre start to say, "You know what?
I'll do it, but I need 50 more
engineers." Okay, I've seen this again
and again and again and again.
It will kill the mediocre. It will kill
the folks that don't care. It will kill
the folks that aren't all in. But the
best have already pushed their way
through this. the best have already
found a way to to do this
but it is a huge issue for folks that
haven't right there plenty of excuses in
that story.
>> Hey Jason first time at SAS as well.
>> Yeah so as a non AI first company trying
to fund raise and so many funds going to
like AI first company.
>> Sorry you're non you're non AI there's
someone over here. Oh sorry I I just I
just lost interest. I know you said
something about being a non AI first ask
company but
>> yeah we have AI features but not really
diving
>> that's my answer by the way in a joking
way but keep going. Okay. Yes.
>> Uh so yeah as a non AI first company how
many resources should we be devoting to
like make ourselves AI first or should
we be focusing on making our offering
better and things that we do? Well
>> at the end of the listen
I mean I'll give you the market answer
and all that. Look, at the end of the
day, no matter what anybody says
for investors, you mean all only people
care about is how quickly you're
growing. No one cares. No one really
cares. No one really cares if there's
IIA or AI or API or IIA. No one re no
matter what anybody says. The only
reason any investor cares about AI is
because they want insane growth.
They don't really care, right? There
listen if there there is a for example,
there's a renaissance in fintech today.
Okay, a lot of fintech companies are
doing really well. There's only so like
I know they're excited, but there's only
so much AI in Revolute. There's only so
much AI in Stripe and Chime, which is
going public. I'm sure I haven't read
the Chime perspectives. I'm sure it says
it's AI for consumer banking, but it
ain't much AI. Okay, but the they put up
the numbers, man. Revolute, Chime, that
put up the numbers, right? So, that's
your answer. You got to put up the
numbers. Now
before you have the numbers, the more
exciting your product is, the more
exciting the founders are and the more
topical it is, the more people will take
the risk. It's just that simple. So if
you don't have pedigreed founders,
you're in an unattractive category and
you don't have the numbers. That's why
they invented angels. I hope these
angels come because professional
investors if you don't have the pedigree
if you don't have the numbers like the
growth or you don't have you're not in a
super hot space it's three three risks
too many like if you have to even preede
inception investors don't take all three
risks
>> so it's the best I got
>> but at the end of the day I guess what I
would say on the meta topic of how AI I
should be right listen
don't be cynical build what makes the
world's best product for real today.
What would you build today? Again, to
say this again, but I think it's so
important. What's the absolute best
product in the entire world you can
build today that your customers will pay
for? That's always the answer, not what
VCs think.
>> Yeah. All right. Thank you.
>> Thanks,
>> Jason. Eric from Brazil here.
>> Oh, yeah. You came back, right? Yeah.
Thank you for coming. Is it better this
year?
>> Got the mug. Yeah. Much better. Good.
>> Feel even more humiliated than last
year, which is good. Come back to
convince the team on this. Uh but my
question I was discussing with a lot of
uh my friends here on the traditional VC
model if it's
>> perhaps become even more extreme. I see
like the small funds are betting on
extreme outcomes as we already talked
about more extreme. Y
>> and like the large VCs are turning
almost in a private equity play. They
want to
>> maybe but as a founder so what like what
who cares you're right
>> exactly like the ones who start a
company on the traditional um sasser
like uh playbook the triple triple
double double double
>> uh where does this middle uh come where
they go from here that it's pretty much
my question
>> listen I hear your point honestly I I
don't think it's any different it's a
good question but I don't think it's any
different than the prior question I just
think it's not that nobody wants a great
to invest in a great SAS company. It's
just the bar is 500 million and 50%
growth. You got to get there before you
retire. Okay? There's no point in
investing. And the AI is the fastest way
to get there today. But if you you heard
Rory on the podcast, if he want if
you're triple double double, send him an
email. He made plenty of money from
HubSpot and Box and others investing
those companies as of I. It's just you
just have to meet more people. It's not
that it's it's not like the like all the
stuff in the media about private equity
and crossover blah who cares right at
the same time like Josh Browder from do
not pay he's spoken here twice he just
raised a $30 million fund today himself
there's so many new funds so many Jack
Alman who was co of Lattis when he spoke
he's raised 340 400 million he
co-investor with owner with me so
there's so many new investors in the
market so many hungry folks sources of
capital you just got to be in the zone
and if you've got the numbers, but
you're not perfect. You just got to work
harder than 2021, just like everything
else. It's really that simple. And um
but the last insight I'll give you,
which is obvious to you, and then let's
break because we could do it forever.
Even though you have to work harder to
get investors interested if you're not
AI native or AI first.
And even though there's so many more
startups today, like they're they're
everywhere, right? Just remember if
you're trying to understand getting
funded um realize this whether they're
preede inception growth crossover there
is no great investor no truly great
investor that says I have met with too
many amazing founders
no one. Okay, almost everyone here is
pretty good. And so I don't when I'm
going to say next, I don't mean to be
critical or anything. Pretty good. But
from an investment standpoint, okay, I'm
I'm not Mark Andre. I'm not but I'm a
pretty good investor. I'm 10x lifetime
almost 5x in the last fund. Like that's
like top couple percent, okay? And
people know Saster, right? Again, I'm
not these guys. But I will say I am
lucky if once a month I meet a founder I
truly want to invest that works in my
box. That works in my box. Yeah. I met
Verun from Windsurf a couple weeks ago.
I guess if he was raising at 5 billion,
I could put some money in, but it's not
in my box. Okay, I'll meet guys that are
too early that aren't in my box. I
There's a million reasons, but here's my
last meta insight for folks. I meet one
a month. It doesn't matter if I do a
thousand meetings. It doesn't change it.
It doesn't mean there's not more great
ones out there. But the point of the
story for me just as a small example is
I don't know any VC Rory any any market
who says God I just met with 10 founders
that were amazing and the company was
amazing but I I can only pick one that's
not the way it works. Every investor
will say I've never met with enough Alex
Karps Aaron Levies, Drew Hston's tes. No
one's ever said I'd met with too many
TES. And in fact,
the first time I just worked in startups
at all. My first job was on Sand Hill in
tech. Okay. And I didn't know I didn't
know anything. And my and um my old boss
introduced me to what then was one of
the most successful VCs. Like I didn't
even know exactly what VCs. introduced
me to this guy and um pretty cocky guy
VCs used to be more arrogant than today
believe it or not cuz uh founders had
less choice and um and he said to me
what many IPOs wildly successful he said
listen sitting here on center is like
once a quarter I meet someone and I just
chase them down the parking lot that's
my only job nothing else man I chase
them down the parking lot until they
take my money you'll hear the Sequoia is
famous for this if Sequoia is a great
investor super aggressive but when
you've had a portfolio company that
Sequoia wants to invest. They just sit
in your lobby. They just sit in your
lobby until you take your term sheet,
right? So, they don't do that if they
have a trillion deals to do, right? So,
a little fun way of saying it's harder
than ever to get funded. The box is
narrower. The expectations are higher.
But hack the you got to hack every
system. It's the job is to hack it,
right? And realize, you know what, your
email sucked. Like, if you're sending
emails to VCs, why? Like, read your
email. Would you fund that? Like, I've
put several cold emails I funded on
Saturday. I've had other folks do press.
read the post I did. Most people when
they read my the cold I had two founders
that said that shared their cold emails.
They're like, "Yeah, I'd invest in that
one. Was your email that good?" No, my
email wasn't that good. Well, what do
you expect?
Everyone opens their email. Yam was here
yesterday from HubSpot. She opened two
cold emails that were video that were
good. The CEO of a $40 billion company.
So do VCs. But if it's not epic, you
know, no one wants another coffee. I've
already had five cups. It's disaster. I
don't want another coffee. Right? So ju
just some insights. harder than ever.
Talk to more people. But stop wasting
your chance. Stop wasting your shot. No
VC has enough S tier opportunities. No
one, right? No, no one. And the reason
VCs do, you know, there's a lot of um
interesting there's so much um if you
read a lot of industry stuff like you
do, you'll see, oh, the median returns
of venture are terrible. The median
returns of venture are not as good as
NASDAQ. The average VC doesn't even
double their investors money and it
takes 15 years. Uh it's all true, but do
you know why? It's because they don't
invest in good enough founders. And why
don't they invest in good enough
founders? They don't see or win enough
deals and they compromise. They comp
they're like, "Got to if I don't do a
deal this year, I'm going to get fired."
Right? And uh you know, that's the best
one I met, so I got to do it. But in
life, you got to settle sometimes, but
settling for a bad investment is like
settling for a crappy VP of sales. I
don't know if you've done that. Most
people have. What happens when you
settle for a crappy VP of sales? It
don't work, does it? So that's why VCs
have shitty returns, right? So be that
out. Be the outlier for real. If you're
the outlier, you will get funded like no
matter what anybody says. So thanks for
the rambly answer.
>> Congrats once again. Amazing.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah.
>> Hey Jason, great to be back. Um
>> love it.
>> Came in September. I think I told you
when I walked in that was my first in
eight years.
>> Oh wow. So, it's kind of kind of wild to
be back so soon after the last one, but
it's been great.
>> Thank you.
>> Kyle Norton said something pretty
interesting in the
>> He's pretty smart.
>> He said a lot of interesting things, but
the one thing that really stood out,
there was a bit of a tension there that
I noticed where
>> you asked him how attention to what he
said, not between the two of you.
there's you asked him how they're
instructing a lot of their reps to use
AI or like what they're suggesting to
them to do or whatnot and his response
was pretty interesting. He actually said
something along the lines of like he
didn't want his reps experimenting. He
wanted them
>> that it wasn't I think he said it wasn't
necessary to him today.
Maybe he said he didn't want I don't
think he said he didn't want his reps
curious. I just think he said it wasn't
necessary today that they he said his
managers needed to be all in. they need
to be hacking, playing with the latest
sales and other tools and AI constantly.
He said he didn't care so much if his
junior a a AEES and SCRs did, he said,
which surprised me, but I I I get it.
>> Maybe you're answering my question just
now, but I was going to ask, is that
something you've heard much from other
revenue leaders that they don't care
about their reps experimenting?
>> Well, listen, Kyle has an incredibly
efficient engine, right? And I think his
point is he wants to take the most
aggress because he gets so such good
inbound because he's got such a high
profile. He get he what you want is you
don't you just don't want the lazy
people in sales. You want the ones that
want it that are you want the ones that
are effing hungry. And I know we pretend
most folks in sales but have you managed
a sales team?
>> Yes, I have. Yeah.
>> Are all of them hungry? Come on. Most
sales reps want to earn 80% of what they
can for 30% of the work. So Kyle is set
up in Oregon, folks who all want to be
they all want to be Kyle. That's the
genius of someone like a Kyle or a Sam
Blonde or all these folks on the team.
They they recruit folks who want to be
the next them. Okay? It's incredibly you
need the goods, you need the brand, you
need the capital, but then you get the
super ambitious ones. And his point is,
listen, I'm going to arm you. I'm going
to arm you with data. I'm going to arm
you with I'm going to arm you with
calls. I'm going to argue I'm going to
handle you help you do onboard. I'm an
arm all around you, but I just want you
to come in and sell like hell is what he
wants today. I think if we ask Kyle next
year, he'll say he's only going to hire
AES and Sos that are in that are
incredibly curious about AI, right? He's
he's saying, "My managers, it's required
and then my managers build the armor and
I can't solve for everything in this
world. So, I want the ones that are like
hungry." He didn't say that, but I know
that's that's what he really and he's
willing to give on the rest.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> Thank you. Thank you. Uh this may be a
weird last question for this conference.
>> Well, then I'll I'll turn it around and
make it a different question if Yeah.
What's the question?
>> Appreciate that. Uh you know, some
amazing insights this uh last couple
days from uh product go to market uh
sales perspective. But I'm kind of
curious from a marketing perspective,
specifically brand y where you know how
you think about the importance of brand
in this new reality and any insights you
might have about how AI and humans kind
of fit into that.
>> Yeah. Well, two things. One, we actually
we'll integrate it more. We had a big
CMO semo with like 300 there. We
>> I tapped into
>> we integrated a little bit of it. We'll
do more next year because that was a big
topic. I I actually couldn't participate
because I had 11 sessions today. I'm
only supposed to have one in the last
day, but it was all fun.
>> You're working very hard.
>> But I love it. But um listen, I
do think the one thing we I will say
it's worth this is just my experience in
my view, but I I'm pretty sure it's
right.
Brand again 80% of buyers buy based on
brand. Maybe actually, you know, 95% are
influenced by brand and 80% by the a
market leader. the one or two choice. We
don't have time. There are moments in
time where we do a lot of app discovery.
2020 was one during the pandemic because
we all all of a sudden we realized, hey,
we need a contact center. We need e
signatures. So the amount of discovery
that happened in March through se
October 2020 was insane, right? The
discovery and the amount of discovery
that's happening now is insane, right?
But it's exhausting, right? At the end
of the day, we just want most of us, we
don't have time. We just want to buy the
market leader. If the market leaders, no
matter all, everyone's like, I'm going
to compete with Calendarly. Most of us
should just buy Calendarly, right? It
works. Everyone uses it. Most of us
should just use Box or Dropbox or or
most of us should just use chat TBT. 85%
of the world uses Chat TBT. Most of us
should not experiment with other
solutions, right? I mean, folks in this
room should, right? So, my point is
brand is has always been important in
choices. It remains. That's why I said I
think F1's going to be the biggest
beneficiary of FI and think that people
are going to they're going to invest in
in these big because the the F1 and the
Super Bowl ads as silly as they seem you
get everybody right they're not silly
when they're done well you get everybody
so that's going to still matter the last
thing I will say is
having said that the problem with brand
is always important and and most of my
generation when Aaron and I started
together and David Sax and people we
thought Brand was stupid. We're like
this is what old fogies say, right? This
is like mad men. It's like we do PLG, we
close customers, we build great brand is
what losers talk like brand doesn't work
on the internet, right? When we were
starting in SAS, David and me and
others, but then you hit 10 million and
20 million and then they all come
because of your brand, right? And so you
learn that, wow, I was wrong. Brand is
like most of the game in marketing and
you're like now I kind of get why at the
big companies like Adobe, everyone does
brand, right? Because everyone's heard
of Adobe. So your job is that when
you're top of mind, you buy Adobe and
not somebody else, but they've already
heard of you, right? So
super important. That's not going to
change. What I am, what I'll break on,
and this is my caveat and my advice, is
it doesn't mean you can run the 2021
playbook. And what I've already seen
happen, and it worries me, and when I
tell people it worries me, they get mad
at me. A lot of people, no one here got
mad at me, but I worry when marketers,
brand marketers just want to keep doing
the crap they did before. And some of it
works. Like these booths are going to
work. Like we'll be objective. We'll
tell you how these booths perform. I bet
they perform better than last year.
Okay? And so do the ads. But that alone
is not demand.
That alone is not turning every
interaction into a highly personal and
personalized interaction. like Yam said.
So brand is the ultimate answer, but you
got to earn the brand, right? You got to
earn the brand and ultimately and a
different way of looking at it in B2B
and then we'll break. Sorry, it's got to
be the last one. I apologize. If you
really want, we could do one more short
one and then that's got to be it. A
different way of looking at brand is
that whatever data you look at in B2B
and HubSpot used to publish this. I put
it on Saster. Everyone gets most of
their leads from word of mouth at scale.
Okay. I didn't when I was a founder at
first and back in the days of Aaron and
and uh and David, I went to a founder
event at Into It in Mount in Mountain
View when the founder came out and he
said into when I founded into it, we had
CDROMs and floppy discs and in Comp USA
and and we sold software in the stores
and and it was but he said and then it
was then then we got learned how to use
dialup and then he went on and on and it
sounded like a kind of a silly story and
he said everything's changing into it
except one thing Since I founded into
it, 80% of our customers have come from
word of mouth. Now, how that word of
mouth, that flywheel has been
accelerated, whether it's verality,
whether it's whatever, but still at the
end of the day, it's 80% word of mouth
and brand's going to reinforce that. But
the way you reinforce that word of mouth
is going to continue to evolve in this
age. And the the you know, the most
stressful advant example is SEO going to
chat GBT. People are still searching for
brands, right? But what that means is so
different than a Google search, right?
So if you meet a marketer
and I listen I I am getting tired and I
I know this is a really tough ask of a
marketer in May but if they don't
understand what they're going to do
about the fact that search is going from
SEO to chat GBT and I don't know the
answer but I know the issues probably
can't hire them right because brand
still matters but the way you get it is
it's ch it's changing so my those are my
best thoughts and we'll do more on brand
it's we we'll do more on brand and the
way it matters over the coming year
because it's a good topic so thank you.
All right
>> appreciate it. Thank you. So, we'll slip
one last quick one in. Just just
>> Hi, Jason. I actually came to save you
to say thanks for SAS, but can we party
now?
>> Yeah, let's party. Let's have a drink.
Thanks everybody. Really appreciate it.